---
title: "Podcasts - the old new wave??"
---

Hey folks. Back again. So here's the thing. I've been applying for some jobs here and there - class of 2018 youalreadyknowwww. Anyways, I'm a developer. Aside from your basic developer questions here and there, everyone wants to know how you stay up-to-date on the latest tech news. 

I'm in a feild where every single day, there's something new. Whether its a new framework, library, or IDE - there's always new stuff to use on your projects. So how do I stay up-to-date? Well the truth is, I'm a college student. I'm barely survivin as it is with the old stuff, let alone the cutting edge tech. HOWEVER, I do think about how I will stay up to date, you know, like when I graduate, and like, have, my, life, back. 

I think blogs are cool and everything, but who has time to sit and read a blog everyday?? So, I've been keeping my eye out for some cool podcasts. I feel like podcasts will never not be "new". It's the type of thing that people will always be getting into, it's not a phase. So naturally, I had to look up some relavent podcasts to tell recruiters I listen to. 

In my search, 2 kind of caught my eye. One was called "Javascript Jabber" and the other is "Front-end Happy Hour". I listened to a few to know what to say when talking to a recruiter, but I really did get hooked. As corny as this sounds, they really inspored me to be a better developer. I really do like the feild I'm in, but loose sight of it in the mess of striving for a 4.0 (definitely a reach but a girl can dream, right?). 

Anyways, I encourage all 3 of my readers to check out those podcasts. In the car, on the metro, wherever you want, just plug it in and take a listen. Podcast time is always competing with music time for me. But I find that they can work in harmony (it usually ends up being an 80/20 split, music/podcasts), and it's nice to be reinspired every once in a while.

yours truly,
nxbaryoun.
